ouput correct ddl for custom m2m tables (#35)
ariga/atlas-provider-gorm: README.md

* SQLite
* SQL Server

### Frequently Asked Questions

* **Foreign key constraints not generated correctly** -

>   if you ate using [Customize JoinTable](https://gorm.io/docs/many_to_many.html#Customize-JoinTable) you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if you are using [Customize JoinTable](https://gorm.io/docs/many_to_many.html#Customize-JoinTable) you need to
```

>   if you are using [Customize JoinTable](https://gorm.io/docs/many_to_many.html#Customize-JoinTable) you need to
>   use the provider as [Go Program Mode](#as-go-file) and pass the joinTable model as last argument to the `Load` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If a [Customize JoinTable](https://gorm.io/docs/many_to_many.html#Customize-JoinTable) is defined in the schema, you need to use the provider as a [Go Program](#as-go-file) and pass to the `Load` method the tables in their dependency order. i.e., Join tables after their parent tables.  
```
